For further learning in the Pluralsight library,
you really can't go wrong by looking at Bruce Mackenzie-Low's stuff.
He's a popular conference speaker and his work for Pluralsight is really great.
He has a course called Windows Performance Monitoring Fundamentals.
It's a 4-hour course, but I submit every minute is worthwhile.
We also have Mike Pfeiffer's course,
Maintaining and Monitoring Windows Server 2016.
He covers all the tools we do,
and the reason I point you to Mike's course is that I find as a student,
sometimes I might pick up something from one instructor
that I missed from a previous instructor,
and I want to make sure to share the love with you for your maximum learning benefit.